conditional: add conditional processing documentation (#1598)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/processors/README.md

# Processors

> Processors are components that can modify, transform, or enhance data records as they flow through the Fluent Bit pipeline.

Reviewer: Definitely, let me try to give you a brief explanation starting with 2 important things : 

1. Filters can act as processors
2. Processors **cannot** act as filters

This limitation stems from the design choices and the fact that while processors are the new and preferred way to operate we understood that it didn't make sense to lose access to the existing filter corpus.

In both of this cases the pipeline would look something like this : 

.Filters : input -> filter & persistence -> output
.Processors : input -> processor stack -> filter & persistence -> output

The key aspect here is that processors are tightly coupled to inputs which means they are executed immediately when ingesting data which allows us to offload the CPU time required to execute those tasks to the input plugins thread rather than creating a centralized bottleneck.

This is particularly important for regular expressions as those are really heavy and used to cause significant timeslice shifting.

One of the weak spots of processors (before conditional processing was added I think) was that anything that passed through the processor stack was acted on (in contrast to how filters actually match based on the tag) but that's a thing of the past.

There is an additional use case for filters that are directly attached to output plugins but I don't think I can give any meaningful examples at the moment.

Feel free to ask for clarifications or expansion on anything you need in order to enrich this section.

Thanks.

> Processors are components that can modify, transform, or enhance data records as they flow through the Fluent Bit pipeline.

Reviewer 2: that's great info, thank you :) 

@niedbalski I'm not sure what our timeline is for releasing this feature/associated docs, but if we can wait at least a few days (since that's how long I'll likely need), I'm happy to take a thorough look at this PR and make any additions or edits for clarity, etc. since I wasn't involved in the development of this at all, I'm looking at it from the perspective of a brand-new user 😆

## Available processors

> Fluent Bit offers the following processors:

Reviewer 3: We should say that all existing legacy filters can be processors too.

> - [Content Modifier](content-modifier.md): Manipulate message content, metadata/attributes for logs and traces

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Content Modifier](content-modifier.md): Manipulate the content, metadata, and attributes of logs and traces.
```

> - [Labels](labels.md): Add, update or delete labels in records

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Labels](labels.md): Add, update, or delete metric labels.
```

> - [Metrics Selector](metrics-selector.md): Select specific metrics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Metrics Selector](metrics-selector.md): Choose which metrics to keep or discard.
```

> - [OpenTelemetry Envelope](opentelemetry-envelope.md): Convert logs to OpenTelemetry format

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [OpenTelemetry Envelope](opentelemetry-envelope.md): Transform logs into an OpenTelemetry-compatible format.
```

> - [SQL](sql.md): Process records using SQL queries

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [SQL](sql.md): Use SQL queries to extract log content.
```

> ## Features
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Features

All available processors include the following features:

```

not sure if "all available" is the correct phrasing here (since I'm [not sure if conditional processing only applies to log-centric processors](https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit-docs/pull/1598/files#r2023827864)), but putting this as a placeholder for now.

> - [Conditional Processing](conditional-processing.md): Apply processors only to records that meet specific conditions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Conditional Processing](conditional-processing.md): Apply processors selectively to records that meet specific criteria.
```
